Version 1.1.6/1.1.5

    Increased the wet bulb temperature threshold for baseline LCR by 1 degree: At or below 34°F for LCR-1 and at or below 33°F for LCR-2 through LCR-4. This was done so that a greater number of heavy snow events in above-freezing 2m temperatures can attain values up to LCR-4. v1.1.5 has the same modification for models without asnowsfc.

Version 1.1.4 (asnowsfc-inclusive models only)

    Added a 4th baseline LCR value for heavy snow events. This assigns a baseline LCR value of 4 for events with 3 inches or greater snowfall in 1 hour (asnowsfc models only) and/or liquid-equivalent 1-hour precipitation of 0.5" or greater. This ensures that heavy snow events will attain a value of at least LCR-4, even if 2m temperatures are above freezing. v1.1.3 is for models without asnowsfc (meaning only the liquid-equivalent precipitation factor is used).

Version 1.1.2 (asnowsfc-inclusive models only)

    Added snowfall thresholds to the baseline LCR value functions. The liquid-equivalent thresholds for baseline LCR remain the same, but now the script looks at the 1-hour snowfall (decumulated asnowsfc variable) and assigns LCR-1 for snowfall from greater than 0 to 1 inch, LCR-2 for snowfall between 1 and 2 inches, and LCR-3 for snowfall above 2 inches.

    This change was necessary because impactful events with high snow ratios (meaning very low liquid-equivalent precipitation) were sometimes not assigned baseline LCR values higher than 1. This resulted in events that should be LCR-4 or LCR-5 ending up at only LCR-3.

    Since the asnowsfc variable is not available in all models, version 1.1.4 of the script can only be used with models that include that variable (such as the HRRR). Deriving hourly snowfall in models without the asnowsfc variable will involve additional development to incorporate Kuchera snow ratio (to be completed at a future time).

Version 1.1.1

    Removed the lower temperature bound of the "sweet spot" range for freezing rain events. The script will now apply the 2-point "sweet spot" increase for all temperatures at 29°F and below if the precipitation type is freezing rain. This is because there is no decrease in the hazard level of freezing rain road icing occurring at temperatures below 24°F.

Version 1.1

    Fixed an error with the temperature history factor variable not converted to Fahrenheit. Since the threshold of this factor is 32, the value being in Celsius meant that it would always trigger the temperature history factor LCR increment. This caused LCR to be 1 point higher everywhere on the map and causing all LCR-activated gridpoints to start at 2 instead of 1.
    Rewrote the LCR processing section to add the lcron variable as the "master" control in the conditional factor "where" statements. This ensures the incremental factors don't activate at a gridpoint when LCR is zero.
    Increased the temperature threshold of LCR-1 to 38°F and a wet bulb temp of 33°F. This should help ensure that the vast majority of above-freezing heavy snow events trigger LCR at a gridpoint.
    Lowered the relative humidity thresholds for the freezing fog factors to 92 percent for LCR-1 and 98 percent for LCR-2. This should help to catch more of the lower-end freezing fog events that can initiate at lower RH levels.
    Added freezing rain precipitation type to the below-freezing temperature factor. This is meant to maintain increased LCR for freezing rain events occuring at temperatures above freezing.
